added prompt files (#4259)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: .github/prompts/change-log-prompt.md

---
agent: agent
---

Write a change log entry from the provided input with the following content:

- Context: Briefly provide some context/background for the change which describes the purpose/motivation for the change.
- Change: Describe the actual change from a user perspective rather than the technical implementation. Ideally, describe the behavior prior to the change and the behavior now.
- Impact: Describe how the change impacts users and their installations. Explicitly consider existing assets such as tenants, users, applications, devices.

> Only provide context, change and impact in the release note body in one or (if necessary) multiple paragraph. Do not add any line breaks or have the terms context, change or impact as headings in the body.

Reviewer: This line is a bit confusing: it says "multiple paragraph" but also "do not add any line breaks". If multiple paragraphs are allowed, could we clarify that line breaks between paragraphs are okay (and we just don't want headings like "Context/Change/Impact")? or should it always be a single paragraph?

> Only provide context, change and impact in the release note body in one or (if necessary) multiple paragraph. Do not add any line breaks or have the terms context, change or impact as headings in the body.

Author: ```suggestion
Only provide context, change and impact in the release note body in one or (if necessary) multiple paragraphs. Do not add unnecessary line breaks (only add a line break to separate multiple paragraphs) or have the terms context, change or impact as headings in the body.
```

- Describe the change from a user perspective. Only describe the technical fix if it is relevant for the user.
- The text should be written in a positive mode, focusing on what works well now while also mentioning what was previously broken (at least in case of a fix).
- Be as accurate as possible. It is better to provide more than less information. 

> Add a link to the documentation, if appropriate.

Reviewer: Here I think It is not clear when or where the documentation link should be added, which may cause inconsistent results.

> Add a link to the documentation, if appropriate.

Author: ```suggestion
Add a link to the documentation, if appropriate. Add the link at the bottom of the change log text in the form "For details, refer to ...".
```
